hi we all know how much they are
expensive gopro accessories
we have the possibility to carry out a
lots of things to equip ourselves to be able to
coping with all kinds of situations
but they require a lot of pennies
for the accessories needed to support
the video camera with this base
that all of them find in the
purchase package is possible
build a chest support that
which can be used for shooting in
bicycle or motorcycle are in
those situations or for live in
road in those situations where
application to the chest can be convenient
to have hands free, of course
I practiced in the base of tina
slots in the slots using one
then cutter the tool that tool
which applies to the drill and which allows
to drill and create such a thing
out I bought for 50 cents a
meter
this ribbon that the same one
find
in backpacks in baby carriers 50 cents per
meter
I would say that you can invest and a euro
instead for this snap closure
quick and that I mounted in this one
position I slipped naturally into
slits made to pass behind I have
created a knot so he could
of course stop for those who have
someone at home who can help maybe
it is better to do
sew or glue it with a glue
powerful on this side instead I did
pass in the double buttonhole so that it is
blocked and why it can be
adjustable this for the lower part la
part on the belly in the upper part
instead you could do the same thing
I had a strap at my disposal
of the camera an old cini to the
camera that already has all of them
his strippers removed from the camera is
reported on these on these aso and not
does nothing but repeat its function on
cosimo support and this will support the
camcorder in height this other part
4 been behind is hooked will serve to
keep it signed in the chest and then be able to
one can have and resume freely
here we have already concluded the thing there
they want ten minutes of work for one
wall this type is really
I believe that with written in the 50 euros one
so original gopro bib then
using those attacks that you
already found in the basic packaging of
purchase
I just have to stick it in the base
and how to naturally adjust too
to orientation then according to one
shooting slightly downwards
I will do nothing but adjust the height in
this way is a more parallel shot
to my movement in this other way
slightly upwards
here we can indulge ourselves with one
expense that does not reach 2 euros
to realize something that can be
very very useful and practical, hello everyone